Refactor enterprise introduction and getting started (#1479)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/README.md

As the most scalable MQTT broker, EMQX can help you connect any device, at any scale. Move and process your IoT data anywhere.

{% endemqxce %}

{% emqxee %}
EMQX Enterprise is the world’s most scalable and reliable MQTT messaging platform to connect, move and process your data in business-critical scenarios for the IoT era.

{% endemqxee %}

## Benefits

{% emqxce %}

- **Massive Scale**: Scale to 100 million concurrent MQTT connections with a single EMQX 5.0 cluster.
- **High Performance**: Move and process millions of MQTT messages per second in a single broker.
- **Low Latency**: Guarantee sub-millisecond latency in message delivery with the soft real-time runtime.
- **Fully MQTT 5.0**: 100% compliant with MQTT 5.0 and 3.x standard for better scalability, security, and reliability.
- **High Availability**: Achieve high availability and horizontal scalability through a masterless distributed architecture.
- **Cloud-Native & K8s**: Easy to deploy on-premises or in public clouds with Kubernetes Operator and Terraform.

{% endemqxce %}

{% emqxee %}

### 100% MQTT Compliant

> - 100% MQTT Compliant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- 100% compliant with MQTT v5.0 and v3.x standards.

> - Fully supports QoS0, 1 & 2 of MQTT message delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully supports QoS 0, 1 & 2 of MQTT message delivery.
```

- Works with all MQTT clients and libraries like Eclipse Paho.

### Data Security & Privacy

> - Data Security & Privacy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Ensure data security with MQTT over TLS/SSL or QUIC.

> - Authenticate with LDAP, JWT, PSK, and X.509 certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authenticate with LDAP, JWT, PSK, X.509 certificates, and more.
```

> - Data privacy protection is in line with the EU’s GDPR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rich data management APIs to help keeping your data protection policy in line with EU’s GDPR.
```

### Cloud-Native

> - Cloud-Native

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Adopt cloud-native architecture based on Kubernetes. One-click deployment for on-premises or fully managed service.

### Run Anywhere

- Run Anywhere
- Run anywhere in private, hybrid, and public clouds like AWS, GCP, and Azure without vendor lock-in.

> ### High ROI with Low TCO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### High ROI (Return on Investment) with Low TCO (Total Cost of Ownership)
```

> - High ROI with Low TCO

Reviewer: This duplicates the heading
```suggestion
```

- Efficiently use network and server resources.

> - Pay by annual subscription, no costly one-off purchases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pay for annual subscription, no costly one-off purchases.
```

- Get high ROI from your IoT solutions with low TCO.

### Global Technical Support

> - Global Technical Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - 7 branches in USA, Europe, Japan and China.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 7 sites globally, covering USA, Europe, Japan and China.
```

> - More than ten partners in Europe, USA and India.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More than ten business partners in Europe, USA and India.
```

- 24/7 worldwide technical support service.

{% endemqxee %}

## Features List

Below is a brief/incomplete feature list, highlighting the features EMQX provides.

### Connectivity

- Full MQTT v3.1, v3.1.1 and v5.0 protocol specification support
  - QoS 0, QoS 1, QoS 2 message support
  - Persistent conversation and offline message support
  - Retained message support
  - Last Will message support
  - Shared subscription support
  - `$SYS/` system topic support
- MQTT supports 4 transport protocols
  - TCP
  - TLS
  - WebSocket
  - QUIC (Experimental)
- HTTP message publishing interface support
- Gateways
  - CoAP
  - LwM2M
  - MQTT-SN
  - Stomp
  - GB/T 32960 (Enterprise edition) <!--cannot use 'emqxee' macro inside list-->
  - JT/T 808 (Enterprise edition)
  - OCPP (Enterprise edition)

> Add more features to MQTT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced features for MQTT:
```

- Delayed Publish
- Auto subscription
- Topic rewrite

### Security

- Authentication based on username/password supported using built-in database, Redis, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB as data sources, and HTTP server to provide authentication services
- Authentication based JWT supported using JWKs
- Enhanced Authentication for MQTT 5.0
- PSK authentication
- Access control (Authorization) based on Client ID, IP address, and username supported using built-in database, Redis, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB as data sources, and HTTP Server to provide authorization services
- API to ban clients

### Scalability

- Multi-server node cluster (Cluster)

> - Support `manual`, `mcast`, `dns`, `etcd`, `k8s` cluster discovery methods

Reviewer: We are considering deprecating mcast.
```suggestion
- Support `manual`, `dns`, `etcd`, `k8s` cluster discovery methods
```

- Multi-server node bridge (Bridge)

### Data Integration

> - SQL syntax data integrations to extract, filter, enrich, and transform MQTT message or internal events to formats expected by users and send to external data platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SQL syntax data integrations to extract, filter, enrich, and transform MQTT message or internal events to desired format and export them to external data platforms
```

> - Supports data bridging with other brokers or IoT platforms using MQTT(such as EMQX Cloud, AWS IoT Core, Azure IoT Hub)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports data bridging with other brokers or IoT platforms using MQTT (such as EMQX Cloud, AWS IoT Core, Azure IoT Hub)
```

- Supports integration with other apps using WebHook

> - 30+ enterprise system integrations include Kafka, RDS, various SQL / NoSQL / time-series databases, and enterprise systems such as Oracle and SAP (Enterprise edition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 30+ enterprise system integrations including Kafka, RDS, various SQL / NoSQL / time-series databases, and enterprise systems such as Oracle and SAP (Enterprise edition)
```

### Reliability

- Overload protection
- Message rate limit
- Connection rate limit

### Observability

- Client online status query
- Cluster status and metrics query
- Integration with Prometheus/StatsD

> - Automatic network partition healing

Reviewer: This is reliability
```suggestion
```

- Online log based tracing

> - Erlang runtime tracing tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Runtime tracing tools
```
